---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/d-and-d-5e/tombs-of-annihilation/07-session-notes/session-12/y5-m4-d3/","noteIcon":"","created":"2025-10-01T19:10:16.164-05:00","updated":"2025-10-01T21:40:40.451-05:00"}
---


Given spell book by [[D&D - 5e/Tombs of Annihilation/03 - People We've Met (NPCs)/Wakanga ó Tamu\|Wakanga ó Tamu]], lovingly named Amdír 
- Spell Book Amdír
	- Longstrider
	- Fog Cloud
	- Phantasmal Force
	- Feather Fall
	- Gust of Wind
	- Gentle Repose
	- See Invisibility
	- Lightning Bolt
	- Tensor's Floating Disc
	- Water Breathing

[[D&D - 5e/Tombs of Annihilation/02 - Party Members/Henry Preston Augustin Karner Formina Quixote Bartoli Royo the 47th\|Henry]], [[D&D - 5e/Tombs of Annihilation/02 - Party Members/Fals Ename\|Fals]], and [[D&D - 5e/Tombs of Annihilation/02 - Party Members/Lorde Bastion\|Lorde Bastion]] head off to go gamble on dinosaurs, while [[D&D - 5e/Tombs of Annihilation/02 - Party Members/Lyanna Kos\|Lyanna]] and  [[D&D - 5e/Tombs of Annihilation/02 - Party Members/Theron Laerion\|Theron]] head off to the library outside of Boccob's temple.

- At Boccob's Temple, three gentleman are in an argument with older man who seem to be looking for an Artus Cimber. After speaking with the Grandfather, [[D&D - 5e/Tombs of Annihilation/02 - Party Members/Lyanna Kos\|Lyanna]] gives the Grandfather 20GP and is informed he will convene with the great guides. More information will be available at Boccob's Temple the following day.

- I find a scroll that possibly details where The Great Ruin where the Soul Monger resides. It's a large city ruin, predominately populated by a race of serpent people. The author wrote his story while residing at the hotel Seaside Inn before he chose to abandon [[D&D - 5e/Tombs of Annihilation/04 - Places of Interest/Chult/Chult\|Chult]]

- Possible author of the [[D&D - 5e/Tombs of Annihilation/06 - Lore & Observations/Water-logged Journal\|wet journal]] given by [[D&D - 5e/Tombs of Annihilation/03 - People We've Met (NPCs)/Wakanga ó Tamu\|Wakanga ó Tamu]], named Nutesh. Went same path that we did to find [[The Great Ruin\|The Great Ruin]]. Found a swamp en route, came across a massive chunk of rock and earth drifting over the swampy forest, over 200ft in the air.  A red liquid dripped from it, what appeared to be a massive stone heart suspended in the air. After being attacked by creatures of the swamp, escaped through the Alligator Temple. Went into the woods to gather materials, jumped by goblins and never returned.